Jaguar shark! So tell me - does it really exist? Must go faster... go, go, go, go, go! Hey, take a look at the earthlings. Goodbye! You're a very talented young man, with your own clever thoughts and ideas. Do you need a manager? Do you have any idea how long it takes those cups to decompose.

I gave it a cold? I gave it a virus. A computer virus. Yeah, but John, if The Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don’t eat the tourists. Jaguar shark! So tell me - does it really exist? God help us, we're in the hands of engineers. Checkmate...

We gotta burn the rain forest, dump toxic waste, pollute the air, and rip up the OZONE! 'Cause maybe if we screw up this planet enough, they won't want it anymore! They're using our own satellites against us. And the clock is ticking. Checkmate... Hey, take a look at the earthlings. Goodbye!

They're using our own satellites against us. And the clock is ticking. You know what? It is beets. I've crashed into a beet truck. Hey, you know how I'm, like, always trying to save the planet? Here's my chance. Jaguar shark! So tell me - does it really exist?

I gave it a cold? I gave it a virus. A computer virus. So you two dig up, dig up dinosaurs? We gotta burn the rain forest, dump toxic waste, pollute the air, and rip up the OZONE! 'Cause maybe if we screw up this planet enough, they won't want it anymore!

Jaguar shark! So tell me - does it really exist? Forget the fat lady! You're obsessed with the fat lady! Drive us out of here! So you two dig up, dig up dinosaurs? I gave it a cold? I gave it a virus. A computer virus. What do they got in there? King Kong?

Hey, you know how I'm, like, always trying to save the planet? Here's my chance. Did he just throw my cat out of the window? Did he just throw my cat out of the window? You know what? It is beets. I've crashed into a beet truck. You know what? It is beets. I've crashed into a beet truck.

So you two dig up, dig up dinosaurs? You really think you can fly that thing? Yes, Yes, without the oops! Must go faster... go, go, go, go, go! They're using our own satellites against us. And the clock is ticking. We gotta burn the rain forest, dump toxic waste, pollute the air, and rip up the OZONE! 'Cause maybe if we screw up this planet enough, they won't want it anymore!

We gotta burn the rain forest, dump toxic waste, pollute the air, and rip up the OZONE! 'Cause maybe if we screw up this planet enough, they won't want it anymore! Must go faster... go, go, go, go, go! You really think you can fly that thing? Eventually, you do plan to have dinosaurs on your dinosaur tour, right?

This thing comes fully loaded. AM/FM radio, reclining bucket seats, and... power windows. Do you have any idea how long it takes those cups to decompose. Forget the fat lady! You're obsessed with the fat lady! Drive us out of here! Is this my espresso machine? Wh-what is-h-how did you get my espresso machine?